README.md, before:

# apt-cacher-ng docker image

[`deployable/acng`](https://hub.docker.com/r/deployable/acng/)

Apt-Cacher NG is a caching proxy for linux distribution packages, primarily Debian. https://www.unix-ag.uni-kl.de/~bloch/acng/

This image for apt-cacher-ng config adds support for:

- Alpine Linux packages from http://dl-cdn.alpinelinux.org
- Centos mirrors from https://mirrors.centos.org/
- Fedora mirrors from https://admin.fedoraproject.org/mirrormanager/mirrors/Fedora
- Epel mirrors from https://admin.fedoraproject.org/mirrormanager/mirrors/EPEL
- Apache releases from https://www.apache.org/mirrors/dist.html
- NPM packages from https://registry.yarnpkg.com and https://registry.npmjs.org (proxied CONNECT only)
- Downloads from http://nodejs.org

The `au`, `uk` and `us` images configure local mirror backends when geo mirrors are not available. 

## Docker Registry Images

The [`deployable/acng` repository is available on Docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/deployable/acng/). 

The image tags available to install are:
```
deployable/acng
deployable/acng:latest-au
deployable/acng:latest-uk
deployable/acng:latest-us
```

## Run

```
docker run \
  --restart always \
  --detach \
  --volume apt-cacher-ng-vol:/var/cache/apt-cacher-ng:rw \
  --publish 3142:3142 \
  deployable/acng
```


## Build

Build the image

    ./make.sh build

Run the image

    ./make.sh run

Run a localised image (au, uk, us)

    ./make.sh run:us

Rebuild and run 

    ./make.sh rebuild

Build a locale image with local backends configured (`au`, `uk`, `us`)

    ./make.sh build
    ./make.sh build:au


## Mirror and Backend lists

The latest mirrors can be fetched with `src/fetch-mirrors.js`. This script Requires Node.js 8+ 

It will download and parse the latest Centos, Fedora, Epel and Apache mirror lists into `files/*_mirrors` files for acng.

Configure your selected backends from those mirrors lists in `files/backends_{name}`. 
There are packaged au, uk and us backends

The default acng config in the `deployable/acng:latest` tag has no opinion on backends 
`deployable/acng:latest-au` includes the AU backends, `:latest-uk` and `:latest-us` tags are built as well. 


## About 

Docker Hub: https://hub.docker.com/r/deployable/acng/
GitHub: https://github.com/deployable/docker-apt-cacher-ng

Matt Hoyle - code atat deployable.co

Commit message:

update scope to digitalsparky, add credit to original developer

README.md, after:

# apt-cacher-ng docker image

[`digitalsparky/acng`](https://hub.docker.com/r/digitalsparky/acng/)

Apt-Cacher NG is a caching proxy for linux distribution packages, primarily Debian. https://www.unix-ag.uni-kl.de/~bloch/acng/

This image for apt-cacher-ng config adds support for:

- Alpine Linux packages from http://dl-cdn.alpinelinux.org
- Centos mirrors from https://mirrors.centos.org/
- Fedora mirrors from https://admin.fedoraproject.org/mirrormanager/mirrors/Fedora
- Epel mirrors from https://admin.fedoraproject.org/mirrormanager/mirrors/EPEL
- Apache releases from https://www.apache.org/mirrors/dist.html
- NPM packages from https://registry.yarnpkg.com and https://registry.npmjs.org (proxied CONNECT only)
- Downloads from http://nodejs.org

The `au`, `uk` and `us` images configure local mirror backends when geo mirrors are not available.

## Docker Registry Images

The [`digitalsparky/acng` repository is available on Docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/digitalsparky/acng/).

The image tags available to install are:
```
digitalsparky/acng
digitalsparky/acng:latest-au
digitalsparky/acng:latest-uk
digitalsparky/acng:latest-us
```

## Run

```
docker run \
  --restart always \
  --detach \
  --volume apt-cacher-ng-vol:/var/cache/apt-cacher-ng:rw \
  --publish 3142:3142 \
  digitalsparky/acng
```


## Build

Build the image

    ./make.sh build

Run the image

    ./make.sh run

Run a localised image (au, uk, us)

    ./make.sh run:us

Rebuild and run

    ./make.sh rebuild

Build a locale image with local backends configured (`au`, `uk`, `us`)

    ./make.sh build
    ./make.sh build:au


## Mirror and Backend lists

The latest mirrors can be fetched with `src/fetch-mirrors.js`. This script Requires Node.js 8+

It will download and parse the latest Centos, Fedora, Epel and Apache mirror lists into `files/*_mirrors` files for acng.

Configure your selected backends from those mirrors lists in `files/backends_{name}`.
There are packaged au, uk and us backends

The default acng config in the `digitalsparky/acng:latest` tag has no opinion on backends
`digitalsparky/acng:latest-au` includes the AU backends, `:latest-uk` and `:latest-us` tags are built as well.


## About

Docker Hub: https://hub.docker.com/r/digitalsparky/acng/
GitHub: https://github.com/digitalsparky/docker-apt-cacher-ng

Forked from https://github.com/deployable/docker-apt-cacher-ng to add features and provide full SSL connect access via proxy for repos that use SSL.
